SYNOPSIS

   embed-server [--admin-only=true|false]
                [-c=config_file || --server-config=config_file]
                [--empty-config --remove-existing-config]
                [--jboss-home=rootdir]
                [--stdout=discard|echo]

DESCRIPTION

   Launches a standalone server embedded in the CLI process.

ARGUMENTS

 --admin-only      - Whether the embedded server should be started
                     in running mode "admin-only". The default is
                     "true".

 -c                - Name of the server configuration file to use
                     (default is "standalone.xml")
                     (Same as --server-config)

 --empty-config    - Indicates the server should start with an empty
                     configuration. If the specified server config
                     file is not empty, an exception will be thrown
                     and the server will not start, unless the
                     --remove-existing option is also set

 --jboss-home      - Filesystem path pointing to the root directory
                     of the installation from which the embedded server
                     should run. Only available if the CLI itself
                     is not running in a modular classloading environment.
                     In a non-modular classloading environment, if this
                     option is not specified, the value of the
                     environment variable JBOSS_HOME will be used.
                     Must be specified if the environment variable
                     JBOSS_HOME is not set.In a modular classloading
                     environment it is assumed the CLI is running from
                     the server installation itself and the JBOSS_HOME
                     environment variable must be set.

 --remove-existing - When the --empty-config option is used,
                     indicates that any existing configuration
                     file can be removed at server start

 --server-config   - Name of the server configuration file to use
                     (default is "standalone.xml")
                     (Same as -c)

 --std-out         - How to handle output to System.out from the
                     embedded server. Legal values are "discard"
                     and "echo". The "discard" value indicates
                     that writes to System.out from the server
                     should be discarded. The "echo" value means
                     writes should be handled and appear as part
                     of the CLI's own output to System.out. The
                     default value is "discard". If "echo" is
                     chosen and the CLI is running an interactive
                     session, the user should recognize that
                     asynchronous output from the server may
                     interfere with the normal appearance of
                     the CLI prompt.

 --timeout         - Maximum time, in seconds, to wait for the
                     server to reach a running (i.e. fully started)
                     state once the embedded server is created.
                     If unspecified, the command will block for
                     as long as necessary, with no upper limit.
                     If the value is less than 1, the command will
                     return as soon as the embedded server has
                     reached the point in its boot where it is
                     manageable by the CLI.
