SYNOPSIS

   Standalone mode:

      shutdown [--restart=true|false] [--suspend-timeout=seconds]

   Domain mode:

      shutdown --host=host_name [--restart=true|false] [--suspend-timeout=seconds]

DESCRIPTION

    Sends the :shutdown operation request to the server/domain controller
    and waits for the controller to close the connection.

    If there was an i/o error while sending the request or receiving
    the response, the shutdown handler will disconnect from the controller.

    If the shutdown operation was executed successfully and the restart
    argument wasn't specified or was set to false, the handler will put the
    CLI client into the disconnected state.

    If the shutdown operation failed, i.e. the response received successfully
    indicated a failure, the handler will log the failure message and
    will not disconnect from the controller.

    NOTE: this command cannot be used in a batch because the handler
    is waiting for the controller to shutdown before returning the
    control back to the client which would not be possible if the
    command was executed as a step in a composite operation.
    So, if there is a need to shutdown the controller from a batch,
    :shutdown operation must be used instead (and should be the last
    operation in the batch).

ARGUMENTS

 --host      - is allowed and required only in the domain mode, specifies
               the host name to shutdown;

 --restart   - optional, if true, once shutdown the controller will be
               restarted again; if not present, false is assumed.

 --suspend-timeout  - The timeout, in seconds, to wait for a standalone server or all
               domain mode servers managed by the target host to suspend
               before shutdown proceeds. If this is zero (the default)
               then the server will suspend immediately. A value larger than
               zero means the server will wait up to this many seconds for all
               active requests to finish. A value smaller than zero means that
               the server will wait indefinitely for all active requests to finish.

 --timeout   - Deprecated, use --suspend-timeout instead.
               Standalone mode only.
               The shutdown timeout in seconds. If this is zero (the default)
               then the server will shutdown immediately. A value larger than
               zero means the server will wait up to this many seconds for all
               active requests to finish. A value smaller than zero means that
               the server will wait indefinitely for all active requests to finish.
